so what are we meeting here then we're
gonna do a coy Julie no role it's one of
our special roles that are on the
special venue I'm really excited because
roles are so hard to meet at home and
you guys always make it look so perfect
so I'm getting the trick for you guys
let's do it all right so uh you could
get tuna in the grocery store making
your spicy tuna just add a little bit of
mayo sriracha may be successfully oil
and scallions yours typical of spicy
tuna if you can't find an albacore you
can use salmon on this roll okay I got
right here at album form which is seared
on the outside with a sriracha so it's
got a little spice to it okay today
we're gonna be using soy paper if you
can't access soy paper see we just does
the same thing take the rice cover that
very lightly kind of like massagin
take that I'm going to flip this around
but
like that
you can use asparagus cucumbers or
whatever vegetable you like anything go
go perfect with this dish okay we'll
take this and then we'll fold this this
is where it gets tricky for me and you
made it look so easy so we're gonna take
our top floor here put these up
like I said you can use salmon you know
or you can double the tuna let's have
some seared tuna on top okay we got that
on there take a little saran wrap this
is a trick so you might have to put the
saran wrap on top so it doesn't come
apart take a little bamboo
you want to press too hard just just
enough to keep it as mold and then make
sure you get the sides press stencil
everybody nothing's loose
perfect
so with the saran wrap still left on we
cut it into eight pieces
I'm over
take this off
I mean you got your
eight pieces of rock'n'roll you can use
bamboo bamboo lease or banana leaves for
garnish just to make it look nice
let me take half of it
just separate them a little
can we have our spinach is what I've
been waiting I'm like what is that what
is that what if that's an inch
baby's potential are you tagged regular
spinach just deep-fried into chips which
they'll take file like 15 seconds ten
seconds to dry and it'll be nice and
crispy so this is again
good right it's kind of like chips so
we'll just take this and then layer it
on top and that's believer right through
and it's all it is is just fried chips
when we're done
oh it's amazing all right chef Rob I'm
gonna try it okay I'm very excited about
this
you have a dip in there you go
it's amazing you know we're all just you
know through just a few I like the more
traditional with soy sauce it'll go
perfect with it quite restaurant I mean
it's amazing for more on where to eat
stay and drink log on to eat CRE calm